tag-commander-sample-app-vue3/README.md, before:

# Tag Commander Sample App Vue 3

Welcome to the Tag Commander Sample App for Vue 3! This is a demo app showcasing the npm package `vue-tag-commander`. The app sets variables in Tag Commander, tracks pageviews, and provides a holistic summary on how the package can be used in a Vue 3 Single Page Application (SPA).

## Table of Contents

1. Introduction
2. Features
3. Setup and Installation
4. Usage Examples
5. Support and Contribution

## 1. Introduction

`vue-tag-commander` is an npm package designed to facilitate the integration of Tag Commander in your Vue 3 applications. This sample shop showcases its potential and demonstrates how it can be implemented in a real-world application scenario.

## 2. Features

- Set variables in Tag Commander dynamically.
- Track pageviews efficiently.
- Easily configure and customize your tags.

## 3. Setup and Installation

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have `node` and `npm` installed:

```bash
node -v
npm -v
```

### Steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/commandersAct/vue-tag-commander.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the directory**:

   ```bash
   cd tag-commander-sample-app-vue3
   ```

3. **Install the dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. **Run the application**:

   ```bash
   npm run preview
   ```

   The application should now be running at `http://localhost:4173`.

## 4. Usage Examples

For detailed usage scenarios and custom configurations, please refer to the [official `vue-tag-commander` documentation](../README.md).

## 5. Support and Contribution

For any issues or bugs related to this demo shop, please create an issue in the GitHub repository. Contributions to improve the code or the documentation are welcome! Please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

---

We hope this shop provides you with a clear understanding of how `vue-tag-commander` can be utilized in a Vue 3 SPA. Feel free to explore and experiment further!

Commit message:

Update product name references to CommandersAct's tag container

tag-commander-sample-app-vue3/README.md, after:

# CommandersAct's tag container sample app Vue 3

Welcome to the CommandersAct's tag container sample app for Vue 3! This is a demo app showcasing the npm package `vue-tag-commander`. The app sets variables in CommandersAct's tag container, tracks pageviews, and provides a holistic summary on how the package can be used in a Vue 3 Single Page Application (SPA).

## Table of Contents

1. Introduction
2. Features
3. Setup and Installation
4. Usage Examples
5. Support and Contribution

## 1. Introduction

`vue-tag-commander` is an npm package designed to facilitate the integration of CommandersAct's tag container in your Vue 3 applications. This sample shop showcases its potential and demonstrates how it can be implemented in a real-world application scenario.

## 2. Features

- Set variables in CommandersAct's tag container dynamically.
- Track pageviews efficiently.
- Easily configure and customize your tags.

## 3. Setup and Installation

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have `node` and `npm` installed:

```bash
node -v
npm -v
```

### Steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/commandersAct/vue-tag-commander.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the directory**:

   ```bash
   cd tag-commander-sample-app-vue3
   ```

3. **Install the dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. **Run the application**:

   ```bash
   npm run preview
   ```

   The application should now be running at `http://localhost:4173`.

## 4. Usage Examples

For detailed usage scenarios and custom configurations, please refer to the [official `vue-tag-commander` documentation](../README.md).

## 5. Support and Contribution

For any issues or bugs related to this demo shop, please create an issue in the GitHub repository. Contributions to improve the code or the documentation are welcome! Please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

---

We hope this shop provides you with a clear understanding of how `vue-tag-commander` can be utilized in a Vue 3 SPA. Feel free to explore and experiment further!
